AI #1336: Refactor entity name references and usage (#1567)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/attributes/invoice_handling.md

## Requirements

* All costs that appear on any invoice issued to a [*BillingAccountId*](#billingaccountid) MUST be included in the FOCUS Cost and Usage dataset.

> * If an invoice-level *charge* appears on a customer invoice but cannot be expressed using existing FOCUS columns, service providers MUST include service-provider-defined columns (e.g., x_ChargeSubType) to capture the non-FOCUS-defined details needed to support invoice *charges* reconciliation using the FOCUS Cost and Usage dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If an invoice-level *charge* appears on a customer invoice but cannot be expressed using existing FOCUS columns, data generators MUST include data generator-defined columns (e.g., x_ChargeSubType) to capture the non-FOCUS-defined details needed to support invoice *charges* reconciliation using the FOCUS Cost and Usage dataset.
```

## Exceptions

* Informational line items that have zero monetary impact and are included solely for transparency MAY be excluded. Examples include:
  * Tax exemption notifications
  * SLA credit details when the credit is already applied to the charged amount

> * If such informational items are excluded, service providers MUST document this in their FOCUS implementation guide and ensure the sum of included charges still equals the invoice total.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If such informational items are excluded, data generators MUST document this in their FOCUS implementation guide and ensure the sum of included charges still equals the invoice total.
```
